Fix/2759 1.x query api (#2841)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/v1/auth/_index.md

The `influx v1 auth` subcommands provide authorization management for the
[InfluxDB 1.x compatibility API](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/api/influxdb-1x/).

InfluxDB 2.0 {{% cloud-token-auth %}}

> The [1.x compatibility API](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/api/influxdb-1x/) allows clients to authenticate with InfluxDB 2.0 using the InfluxDB 1.x convention of username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [1.x compatibility API](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/api/influxdb-1x/) lets clients authenticate with InfluxDB 2.0 using the InfluxDB 1.x convention of username and password.
```
